Add initial semantics documentation for `rmdir` (#236)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: doc/SEMANTICS.md

File deletion (`unlink`) is not currently supported, but will be [in the future](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/issues/78).

Empty directory removal (`rmdir`) is not currently supported, but will be [in the future](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/issues/194). The following semantics are proposed:

> * `rmdir` will be a local only operation. It will delete a local directory only if it is empty.

Reviewer: nit: 

```suggestion
* `rmdir` will be a local-only operation. It will delete a local directory only if it is empty.
```

> * `rmdir` will be a local only operation. It will delete a local directory only if it is empty.
> * If the directory marker (i.e. zero-byte objects with `<directory-name>/` key) is present remotely on the S3 bucket, `rmdir` should fail even if it is empty locally.
> * This means if the directory is empty and only present locally, it should be deleted immediately. Any future read or writing to directory( creating a file/subdirectory) should fail.

Reviewer 2: I would avoid repeating "if it is empty" too many times - it should be clear also from the paragraph above. Also, maybe make it clearer what we mean by "local" directory. For example something like this: 

```suggestion
* `rmdir` will only delete (empty) local directories created by `mkdir`.
* `rmdir` will fail on directories backed on S3 by a directory marker (i.e. an object with `<directory-name>/` key).
* On success, the directory will be deleted immediately. Subsequent reads or writes to the directory (e.g. creating a file or subdirectory) will fail.
```

Reviewer: +1.

I think there's still a bit of ambiguity around what happens if all of the files were deleted remotely, and you try to remove the directory. What happens? Does it disappear anyway when we do a `readdir` because we see there's no children? Or we do a `lookup` on the directory, and see that its not there?

File deletion (`unlink`) is not currently supported, but will be [in the future](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/issues/78).

Empty directory removal (`rmdir`) is not currently supported, but will be [in the future](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/issues/194). The following semantics are proposed:

* `rmdir` will only delete empty directories created by `mkdir`.
* `rmdir` will fail on directories backed on S3 by a directory marker (i.e. zero-byte object with `<directory-name>/` key).

> * Once, the files are commited to S3 bucket for a directory, `rmdir` will not affect those directories any further, even if they are created by `mkdir`.

Author: Once the files are commited to S3 bucket, the status of the directory becomes remote. So, after we remove all the objects from the directory, the directory itself will get removed as it will not be there in the remote view.

> * Once, the files are commited to S3 bucket for a directory, `rmdir` will not affect those directories any further, even if they are created by `mkdir`.

Reviewer: I see. I don't really understand what this is trying to tell me then.

What we're really saying is that when a file is committed, the directory becomes implicit due to the presence of remote files. As soon as Mountpoint observes that those files no longer exist, the directory will no longer exist in Mountpoint.

> * Once, the files are commited to S3 bucket for a directory, `rmdir` will not affect those directories any further, even if they are created by `mkdir`.

Reviewer: Maybe something like...

```markdown
* As soon as a file is committed to the S3 bucket by Mountpoint,
  the directory will be considered to exist implicitly.
  If Mountpoint later observes that there are no files existing for that directory in S3, 
  Mountpoint will consider the directory to have been deleted.
```
